any object our home pao chicken dinner
for two I'm going to show you how to
make it simple easy and quick here are
the ingredients I got some chopped green
onion the hard part roasted red chilli
dry roasted salted peanuts just some
chopped bell peppers green and red
peppers and this is the boneless
skinless chicken breast thinly slice
like this i marinated with egg white and
couple tablespoon cornstarch mix it's
nice and balanced like this not to Avani
I'll show you how to cook first we heat
the frying pan nice and hot
some vegetable cooking oil
a little bit if your frying pan is nice
and hot with some hot oil so when we add
the marinated chicken in it will not
stick together with the tent so now I
think the oil is burning a little bit so
we're going to add the chicken in spread
around
we let them cook for maybe like 15 to 20
seconds until they brown the bottom of
the chicken before we're going to stir
they will prevent them by sticky the raw
chicken meat on the pan this be you're
not going to take long so I'm going to
show you pretty much the whole process
now I can see Brown the chicken where
you keep them at empty stare like that
we're just going to cook the chicken for
a couple minutes
like almost like 60 to 70% off and we're
going to set up I
once I see the pink color disappear then
it's ready all right so this was ready
we're going to check it out hot pan add
some vegetable cooking oil now we're
going to add in the dried hot chili and
the green onion first we want to follow
young how yummy we want to flavor the
dry roasted hot chili in a couple
seconds you can smell nice fragrant
smoky flavor and now we're going to add
some ginger and garlic
minced ginger and garlic now I can start
smell the dry roasted hot Chili's a nice
flavor we infuse the oil now next we're
just going to make a simple as a bell
pepper and the raw subpoenas all
together is it's a Mac rooster now I
know the pendant oil is nice and hot the
chicken be nicely dressed hellion you
see that son Jude and the excess oil see
them a quick stir get what sherry
cooking wine first
nice oyster thought Obama sorry thought
goodbye duck
three sir
I see flame little bit that's been good
okay now I just gotta get some socks now
much one of two olives like that
became a quick case
delicious
I got some cornstarch mix dissolve into
the four water I'm going to fit in the
sauce if you get more flavor
we are feeling the flavors infuse the
oil we roasted hot chili and ginger and
garlic and then we stir with the bell
pepper a really nice flavor
Fresno with sherry cooking wine and then
we ballin' the flavor with soy sauce and
everything else how does the perfect the
end sesame oil fragrant the flavor is
easy son
ready to serve you can serve over this
with rice or pasta delicious so healthy
easy to make dinner for two I hope you
liked the video I'm chef Tom thank you
for watching see you next time bye